---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuodbaas_database Resource - plugin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Database Resource
---

# nuodbaas_database (Resource)

Database Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dba_password` (String, Sensitive) Database password. Cannot be updated once database is created
- `name` (String) Name of the database
- `organization` (String) Name of the organization for which project is created
- `project` (String) The name of the project for which database is created
- `properties` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `tier` (String) The Tier for the project. Cannot be updated once the database is created.

### Optional

- `maintenance` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `resource_version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Optional:

- `archive_disk_size` (String) The size of the archive volumes for the database. Can be only updated to increase the volume size
- `journal_disk_size` (String) The size of the journal volumes for the database. Can be only updated to increase the volume size.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Optional:

- `expires_in` (String) The time until the project or database is disabled, e.g. 1d
- `is_disabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
