---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuodbaas_database Resource - nuodbaas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing NuoDB databases created using the DBaaS Control Plane
---

# nuodbaas_database (Resource)

Resource for managing NuoDB databases created using the DBaaS Control Plane

## Example Usage

```terraform
# A database project
resource "nuodbaas_database" "nuodb" {
  organization = nuodbaas_project.nuodb.organization
  project      = nuodbaas_project.nuodb.name
  name         = "nuodb"
  dba_password = "helloworld"
}

# A database with more fields set
resource "nuodbaas_database" "dbaas" {
  organization = nuodbaas_project.nuodb.organization
  project      = nuodbaas_project.nuodb.name
  name         = "dbaas"
  tier         = "n0.nano"
  dba_password = "helloworld"
  maintenance = {
    is_disabled = false
  }

  properties = {
    tier_parameters = {
      zones        = jsonencode(["us-east-2a", "us-east-2c"])
      capacityType = "spot"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dba_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the DBA user. Can only be specified when creating a database.
- `name` (String) The name of the database
- `organization` (String) The organization that the database belongs to
- `project` (String) The project that the database belongs to

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) User-defined labels attached to the resource that can be used for filtering
- `maintenance` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `properties` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `restore_from` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restore_from))
- `tier` (String) The service tier for the database. If omitted, the project service tier is inherited.

### Read-Only

- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Optional:

- `expires_at_time` (String) The time at which the project or database will be disabled
- `expires_in` (String) The time until the project or database is disabled, e.g. `1d`
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) Whether the project or database should be shutdown


<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Optional:

- `archive_disk_size` (String) The size of the archive volumes for the database. Can be only updated to increase the volume size.
- `journal_disk_size` (String) The size of the journal volumes for the database. Can be only updated to increase the volume size.
- `product_version` (String) The version/tag of the NuoDB image to use. For available tags, see https://hub.docker.com/r/nuodb/nuodb-ce/tags. If omitted, the database version will be inherited from the project.
- `tier_parameters` (Map of String) Opaque parameters supplied to database service tier.


<a id="nestedatt--restore_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restore_from`

Optional:

- `backup` (String) The name of the backup to restore the database from. If a fully-qualified name is not supplied, then the organization, project, or name of the database being created is assumed.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `ca_pem` (String) The PEM-encoded certificate for SQL clients to verify database servers
- `message` (String) Message summarizing the state of the database
- `ready` (Boolean) Whether the database is ready
- `shutdown` (Boolean) Whether the database has shutdown
- `sql_endpoint` (String) The endpoint for SQL clients to connect to
- `state` (String) The state of the database:
  * `Available` - The database is ready to accept SQL connections
  * `Creating` - The database is being created and not yet available
  * `Modifying` - The database is being modified
  * `Stopping` - Shutdown is in progress for this database
  * `Stopped` - The database has been stopped
  * `Expired` - The database has expired
  * `Failed` - The database has failed to achieve a usable state
  * `Deleting` - The database has been marked for deletion, which is in progress
  * `Restoring` - Restore from backup is in progress for this database

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# An existing database can be imported by specifying the organization,
# project name, and database name, separated by "/"
terraform import nuodbaas_database.db org/proj/db
```
